Now that we have the CSS issue taken care of,
let's go ahead and just test our application
to make sure it really works.
So let's go ahead and click on the Orders button here.
And good, success.
So this displays the orders.
So in this example, from my example that I was running,
there's only one order in the database,
but you may see more depending on your data
as far as the number of times you ran the application.
But let's go ahead and add a new order here
just to make sure
that it really is keeping track of everything for us.
So I'll just add something to my shopping cart.
Then I move on to my shopping cart and checkout.
And I'll just go through
and fill in all the information here.
And also, make sure you use the same email address
as the one that you're currently logged in
because it will only show you orders
for a specific email address.
Alrighty, so everything's in place here,
so I have one quantity of one
and the total price of 17.99.
Do the purchase.
I get my confirmation and my order tracking number.
And then now if I move over here and click on Orders,
I should see the new order.
And success. Yes, I do.
So there it is.
So the total quantity of one, price of 17.99,
and that was just recently on this date, Feb 13.
All right, so that's the new one.
Now one thing I want to do is make a little enhancement
to this application, and I want to sort by date.
So I'd like to sort in descending order,
showing the most recent date first.
So this will help the user.
When they come in, the first order they see
is the most recent one that was just created or purchased.
So we need to make two changes, one in our backend code,
and also change on the front-end code.
So let's go ahead and move to the backend code, Spring Boot.
Let's open up our OrderRepository.
Stop the code there for a second.
And I will simply change this method name
to perform sorting for me.
So I'll say findByCustomerEmailOrderBy,
okay, OrderBy to kind of sort by,
DateCreated, descending.
Now remember, Spring Boot does all this magic for you
in the background.
It will generate these queries
based on the actual method name.
And then let's kind of break this down a bit.
So we just added this new item here,
OrderByDateCreatedDesc.
So in the query,
Spring will add this new entry at the bottom,
ORDER BY orders.date_created DESC.
And again, all this magic stuff
based on the actual method name.
All right, so that's in place.
Let's go ahead and run the application
so the new version is up and running.
So the backend is up and running.
Now let's go ahead and swing over to our front end
because we need to make some changes over here also.
In our front-end code,
we need to update our service that talks to that REST API,
so we need to update the order-history.service.ts file.
And so this is where we make a call to that given URL.
So we need to update the path
to make use of the new endpoint.
And an easy way to do this
is simply just copy that method name from the backend.
And then just swing over to the front-end code and paste it.
And so make sure you have the method name exactly as given.
If not, you'll have errors,
as far as 404 because it can't find it,
so make sure you have
the findByCustomerEmailOrderByDateCreatedDesc.
All right, so let's go ahead and test this,
so let's move back over to our application.
And then we click on Orders.
All right, success.
So the dates are sorted.
So the dates are sorted in descending order.
The most recent date is displayed first.
Alrighty, so this looks pretty good,
so congrats on adding this slight enhancement
to the application.
Good job.